README.md, before:

# RISC-V-chip-tapeout
"In this program, we learn to design a System-on-Chip (SoC) from basic RTL to GDSII using open-source tools.

### week 0-Environment Setup and Tool Installation Open-Source EDA Ecosystem (Yosys, OpenLane, Magic, etc.)
done

### week 1
  #### Day 1: Introduction to Verilog RTL Design & Synthesis
#### Day 2: Timing Libraries, Synthesis Approaches, and Efficient Flip-Flop Coding
#### Day 3: Combinational and Sequential Optimization
#### Day 4: Gate-Level Simulation (GLS), Blocking vs. Non-Blocking in Verilog, and Synthesis-Simulation Mismatch
#### Day 5: Optimization in Synthesis

done
### week 2 
  #### To build a solid understanding of SoC fundamentals and practice functional modelling of the BabySoC using simulation tools (Icarus Verilog & GTKWave). 
   done
### week3
#### Post-Synthesis GLS & STA Fundamentals Objective To understand and perform Gate-Level Simulation (GLS) after synthesis, validate functionality, and get introduced to Static Timing Analysis (STA) concepts with practical experiments using OpenSTA. 
 done

   ### week 4
   #### day 1: introduction to circuit design and spice simulations
#### day 2: spice simulation for lower nodes and velocity saturation effect
#### day 3: voltage transfer characteristics: spice simulations in ngspice
#### day 4: static behavior evaluation: cmos inverter robustness and noise margin
#### day 5: static behavior evaluation: cmos inverter robustness - power supply variation
done

Commit message:

Revise README with updated project details
Updated project description and added week 5 section.

README.md, after:


" This repository documents my learning and exploration of the open-source ASIC design flow.

### week 0-Environment Setup and Tool Installation Open-Source EDA Ecosystem (Yosys, OpenLane, Magic, etc.)
done

### week 1
  #### Day 1: Introduction to Verilog RTL Design & Synthesis
#### Day 2: Timing Libraries, Synthesis Approaches, and Efficient Flip-Flop Coding
#### Day 3: Combinational and Sequential Optimization
#### Day 4: Gate-Level Simulation (GLS), Blocking vs. Non-Blocking in Verilog, and Synthesis-Simulation Mismatch
#### Day 5: Optimization in Synthesis

done
### week 2 
  #### To build a solid understanding of SoC fundamentals and practice functional modelling of the BabySoC using simulation tools (Icarus Verilog & GTKWave). 
   done
### week3
#### Post-Synthesis GLS & STA Fundamentals Objective To understand and perform Gate-Level Simulation (GLS) after synthesis, validate functionality, and get introduced to Static Timing Analysis (STA) concepts with practical experiments using OpenSTA. 
 done

   ### week 4
   #### day 1: introduction to circuit design and spice simulations
#### day 2: spice simulation for lower nodes and velocity saturation effect
#### day 3: voltage transfer characteristics: spice simulations in ngspice
#### day 4: static behavior evaluation: cmos inverter robustness and noise margin
#### day 5: static behavior evaluation: cmos inverter robustness - power supply variation
done 

### week 5
#### Openroad installation
